hey Internet what is up it is sir today
I am talking about how I edited my last
video with the vscocam presets first off
is you have to buy the visco presets
they are pretty pricey but I have never
paid full price because I've always had
you know an online promotion or coupon
and I think once you buy one pack you
get discounts off of the following packs
so my favorite pack is the visco film
preset 5 and this pack is what I added
in my last video with so if you have not
watched that video yet go ahead and
check it out and come back to this video
these film packs are great for editing
pictures and obviously editing videos
since what this video is about so once
you have bought your packs you're going
to go into premiere go ahead and edit
your video to your liking drop the clips
down in the timeline to what you want
and then set in and out points to export
instead of exporting to a h.264 or
QuickTime Pro res or something like that
now you're going to export to like
basically still images so it's breaking
apart your video into thousands hundreds
or thousands of images and you're going
to click TIFF TIFF is similar to JPEG
but it's just better to edit with and it
keeps the quality of your images so once
you have exported your video into
several TIFF images you are going to
open up a Lightroom and go ahead and
import all of those images so the
organization of all of this exporting
importing is important if you don't want
to get you know confused and you want to
keep your folders pretty once you have
imported your images into Lightroom
you're going to go ahead and double
click on one of your TIFF files one of
your pictures and go ahead and edit that
picture to your liking with the with the
visco presets you can go ahead and play
around with the amount of grain and you
know the contrast exposure or anything
you want
and once you have it your liking you're
going to go ahead and copy and paste it
to the rest of your images once you have
that done you're you want to export
those images and you're going to go
ahead and follow along with my export
settings in Lightroom and then you're
going to go and send those TIFF files
back into another folder once you've
done that go ahead and go back to
premier and you're going to import this
as a image sequence so when you import
this in as a image sequence all you have
to do is click the first image and it go
ahead and brings it in as a video which
is handy once you have that you're just
going to drag and drop back on to the
timeline and you have your video with
the visco um you know presets applied so
this is kind of a pain and it takes a
while with you know you just have to
have patience with copy and pasting your
visco settings and you kind of have to
be satisfied with you know your preset
that you chose over the entire video so
it's harder to tweak what you want
throughout the video but maybe you can
you know just exposure or the little
things before you bring it into
Lightroom so this is the best way to
edit your videos with the visco film
presets it is the longest way um there
is kind of a shortcut you can take with
this you can export your video from
Premiere as usual and then go ahead and
import the video into Lightroom and then
just take a still from that video and
then edit that still in the development
bring a video into develop mode so once
you edit that still in the development
and then you can copy and paste those
settings onto a video and then export
that video so when you do that you lose
a lot of quality and the grain doesn't
really transfer over and it just doesn't
look as good as doing it the way I
showed you all using the Tiff's and
exporting importing those I hope this
video helped you all hit that like and
subscribe button over the next few weeks
I have lots of travel films coming out
so I'm really excited for those so you
know keep tuned hit that subscribe
button and follow me on Instagram and
stuff yeah so thanks for watching and I
will see you all in the next one bye
guys